Variables CLI documentation (#14249)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/commands/var/get.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: "Command: var get"
description: |-
  The "var get" command retrieves the variable at the given path from
  Nomad. If no variable exists at that path, an error is returned.
---

# Command: var get

The `var get` command is used to get the contents of an existing variable.

## Usage

```plaintext
nomad var get [options] <path>
```

> If ACLs are enabled, this command requires a token with the 'variables:read'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If ACLs are enabled, this command requires a token with the `variables:read`
```
